docs(test-runner): add note about custom annotations (#12681)
microsoft/playwright: docs/src/test-annotations-js.md

  // ...
});
```

## Custom annotations

> It's also possible to add custom metadata in the form of annotations to your tests. This is key/value-based and gets reflected inside the HTML report. During the test execution it's accessible via [`test.info().annotations`](./api/class-testinfo#test-info-annotations) and after the test execution by reading [`testCase.annotations`](./api/class-testcase#test-case-annotations) inside a custom reporter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It's also possible to add custom metadata in the form of annotations to your tests. Annotations are key/value pairs accessible via [`test.info().annotations`](./api/class-testinfo#test-info-annotations). Many reporters show annotations, for example `'html'`.```

```js js-flavor=js
// example.spec.js

test('user profile', async ({ page }) => {

>   test.info().annotations.push({ type: 'issue', description: 'https://github.com/microsoft/playwright/issues/12600' });

Reviewer: Why this particular issue? It is a PR actually :)
